[clang] ASTContex: fix getCommonSugaredType for array types (#132559)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  by template argument deduction.
- Clang is now better at instantiating the function definition after its use inside
  of a constexpr lambda. (#GH125747)

> - Clang no longer crashes when trying to unify the types of arrays with
>   certain differences in qualifiers, per ternary operator or template argument
>   deduction. (#GH97005)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer crashes when trying to unify the types of arrays with
  certain differences in qualifiers (this could happend during template argument
  deduction or when building a ternary operator). (#GH97005)
```
